hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm going to show
you a thriller film series I am Legend
in 2009 a genetically re-engineered
virus originally used as a cure for
cancer later turns lethal and spreads
over the mankind the New York City has
been blocked up for quarantine Robert as
a virus expert decides to stay behind
for the Cure research but instead sends
her family out for safe we'll all get
killed to a helicopter crash during
evacuation three years after the
outbreak the prosperous Manhattan dies
down like a hell the virus kills 90% of
the world's population and turns nine
percent into vampires the cannibalistic
mutants who are extremely vulnerable to
sunlight the remaining 1% are immune to
the virus and of the prey of the mutants
Robert lives an isolated life with his
dog Sam in the deserted Manhattan unsure
if any other uninfected humans are left
Robert keeps his daily routine searching
out for food and supplies during the
daylight while before the night falls
with medical alcohol sprayed in order to
clear up human smell he locks himself up
inside his heavily fortified house to
hide from the mutants who search out for
the remaining humans only under the
cover of darkness hoping to find a cure
to the virus
he keeps experimenting the infected rats
with his own serum but fails for
numerous times until the day he happens
to test and successful subject which
turns into further experiment on the
mutants one day as a routine
he takes Sam out searching for some
supplies and waits at the port for any
immune humans who might respond to his
continuous radio broadcast well at that
time exams spots out and follows a dear
Robert cautiously goes after her into a
dark building where he finds the
building is infested by the mutants they
both escaped out not harmed while the
attacking mutant is killed by the
sunlight
Robert later sets a snare trap with his
blood and captures a female mutant the
mutant boss gets annoyed and want to go
after him but it's blocked by the
sunlight
with the female mutant taken back to his
basement laboratory Robert treats her
with his syrup but without any success
the next day when he's out with Sam for
the routine he gets ensnared in a trap
similar to the one he used to capture
the female mutant he passes out from the
hit and gets hung up in the mid air
while the Sun is setting he wakes up and
struggles to free himself from the rope
unfortunately he breaks his leg and
tries hard to approach his car under
cover of the last beam of sunlight which
stops the infected dogs could not wait
any longer for the attacks after the
sunlight Thole fades out the infected
dogs launch their attacks at Robert with
a help from Sam Robert gets his gun from
the car and eliminate all of them but
Sam is bitten during the fight back to
his laboratory
Robert hurries to injects her with a
strand of his serum hoping to stop the
infection but when Sam shows signs of
infection
Robert is forced to choke her to death
before she turns heartbroken and driven
by rage robert ventures out the
following night and deliberately attacks
a group of mutants to come after him in
countless number at last his car has
flipped upside down and Robert is
confined inside facing the death
desperately but right then with a beam
of sunlight
Robert is rescued by some immune humans
after he wakes up in the morning only
finds he's in the home of a mother and
her son who have traveled from Maryland
after hearing his broadcast later that
day Robert shows the mother Anna how
he's trapped by the mutants to their
shock they find the mutant even evolves
with human intelligence as enlightened
by her son playing in the pool
Robert figures out he can improve the
vaccine effect through physical cooling
so he places the female mutant on top of
the ice for more experiment while anna
tells robert to make their way to a
survivors camp robert argues angrily
that no such survivors camp exists the
only hope left is find the cure during
their argument a group of mutants
who followed anna back the night before
come to attack the house robert turns on
the sun light beam immediately which is
instead broken down by the new
without any choice he has to detonate a
bomb blowing up many with its burning
flame but Roberts soon attacked by the
mutant boss who's struck out of the
house by the violent gunfire he then
calls in more Muse to join the attack
Robert rushes Ana and her son to the
basement laboratory where he discovers
that the cooling treatment on the female
is successful
however the mutants are soon breaking
into the basement the mutant boss rams
himself against the glass door violently
ignoring the fact that Robert has found
the cure for all of the mutants the boss
still goes on rampage for Robert has
taken his daughter after realizing this
Robert places aside his gun and takes
the female mutant out of the classroom
reunited with his long separated
daughter the boss cools down and shows
his pity over his daughter which shocks
Robert for that he's never thought the
mutant can even evolve with human
emotions the boss takes his daughter
away together with his mutant army
Robert becomes to realize that humans
themselves are the real monsters who
keep hunting the mutants for the
so-called research in the end Robert
decides to stop his experiment and heads
out of the mutant city to find his own
human community this is Daniel cc movie
review bye